# CS330

1. Working on this project has taught me the very basics of how to work with OpenGL. Given the incredibly well-done source code, a lot of the low level details have been abstracted away, so this really more than anything just got my feet a little wet with the library. I now have a basic idea of how object placement, camera movement, texture, and lighting work in OpenGL. The design process I used was to edit and check my work constantly to ensure that any changes I made didn't break anything else within the program. This can be applied in future work by breaking all problems into small incremental pieces to solve one at a time.

2. As I mentioned above, the strategy that I developed was the frequent edit and check. At the very beginning of this project, I'd try to get a couple things done at once with the object placement but quickly found out that the best way to do it, although slower and more tedious, was to first check on every change that I made. Iteration was a big factor in development because each iteration of work I did built upon the last as the project became more and more detailed, complex, and aesthetically pleasing until I wound up with the (semi) finished project.

3. This was the last course that I'll be taking at SNHU aside from my capstone. So as far as my educational goals, it was nice to round off the Computer Science program with something brand new to me and something that I can have fun with knowing that this isn't an area that I'll really be delving into much in my future compsci education. Professionally, this gave me more experience working with a project that contains several files that are all dependent on each other. It also refreshed by C++ skills which had gotten a bit rusty from being required to use Java and Python throughout SNHU's program.
